scripts: hid_configurator: Separate functions for dfu_application.zip (#13128)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

This section provides detailed lists of changes by :ref:`script <scripts>`.

* :ref:`nrf_desktop_config_channel_script`:

>   * Separated functions specific to handling :file:`dfu_application.zip` file format.
>     The file format is used for update images in nRF Connect SDK.
>     This simplifies integrating new update image file formats.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Separated functions that are specific to handling the :file:`dfu_application.zip` file format.
    The ZIP format is used for update images in the nRF Connect SDK.
    The change simplifies integrating new update image file formats.
```
Tried to make it flow a bit nicer
